The 40 user limit on channels doesn't apply to Denial

Denial doesn't consider it a clan unless the channel has at least 10 ops

Battle.net often gets IP banned from Denial for violating his Terms of Use agreement

Denial doesn't go to tech support on weekdays 10am-12pm and 2pm-6pm, tech support goes to Denial at his convenience
Denial can ban an offline user

Blizzard claims to regularly ban thousands of users for "using third-party programs," but it's really just people Denial dislikes

Denial suggested the idea of a "net" where people "battle"

One time Denial got banned from a channel and everybody besides Denial were sent to The Void

Denial gave Blizzard an ultimatum: Make StarCraft: Ghost playable over Battle.net or else he wouldn't buy the game. Since it technically made no sense for the game to support Battle.net, Blizzard cancelled the project

If you ever wondered why your CD-key got muted, it's because Denial doesn't want you to talk

Only Battle.net sysops have access to /friend add Denial

Denial doesn't consider you a true gamer unless you're dead from sleep deprivation

One time while playing Diablo, Denial was sorting through his inventory and dropped a potion of healing. Someone else grabbed it. Denial invented PK

Denial gets a 0ms connection to Battle.net even if he's being DDoS'd

/time actually shows Denial's local time, not Battle.net's

Denial doesn't need to ban you. He has a hammer and you know the way out

Denial can not be squelched

When Denial logs on to Battle.net, it does not say "Failed logon attempts since then," it says "CD-keys banned since then"

Denial can still see your age by looking at your profile

Blizzard employees go to Backstage when they log on to Battle.net, Denial goes to VIP Lounge

Denial's Battle.net account was created before Battle.net itself

Your CD-key is banned because that guy you tried to backstab that time was Denial

Go to any trivia channel and "Denial" is a valid answer to all questions

Warez used to be a popular channel before Denial shut it down

Why reset your account password through the e-mail confirmation process? Just ask Denial and eliminate the middle-man

Blizzard released a Japanese version of StarCraft after they overheard that was Denial's nationality. It turned out to be a false rumor. The game has since been completely abandoned

Battle.net was originally called Denial.net

Denial once joined a restricted channel and banned The Void while a Blizzard rep gave him free CD-keys. I know that doesn't make sense, but it doesn't have to, because it happened to Denial and you're jealous

Denial taught Chuck Norris the roundhouse kick

You can no longer create illys on Battle.net because they were too difficult for Denial to type ... Wait no, you can't create them because Denial considers them lame

Denial doesn't know Korean, he just randomly hits keys on the keyboard and they understand

There is no such thing as Warden. That's just Denial disconnecting you every two minutes

Scott Coleman warned us back in 1998 that if the experimental chat gateway was abused it would be removed. Over the next several years it was abused and accordingly got removed. Oh, did I mention Scott Coleman is Denial?

Denial has had conversations with ClanGnome that lasted for hours

Not only does Denial know what the chat gem does, he practically came up with the idea